README.md, before:

# A03
GIT-a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency.<br>
GITHUB-website and cloud-based service that helps developers store and manage their code, as well as track and control changes to their code<br>
repository- directory or storage space either on your computer or on Github where you can store your files<br>
clone-making a copy of a repository on Github onto your local computer<br>
commit-a change to one or more files in a branch; similar to saving a file<br>
push-moving the commits made from a local branch to a remote repository<br>
pull-a shortcut of the fetch and merge commands where you collect the changes from a remote repository and combine it with the local changes<br>
branch-used to fix bugs and develop features<br>
merge-a Git command that combines the commits made by others with your own commits<br>
merge conflict-event that occurs when Git is unable to automatically resolve differences in code between two commits<br>
fetch-a command that downloads remote code from a repository to your local computer
remote-describes a repository that users can collaborate on

Commit message:

new update to README.md
Add first part of tutorial

README.md, after:

# Assignment 3
GIT-a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency.<br>
GITHUB-website and cloud-based service that helps developers store and manage their code, as well as track and control changes to their code<br>
repository- directory or storage space either on your computer or on Github where you can store your files<br>
clone-making a copy of a repository on Github onto your local computer<br>
commit-a change to one or more files in a branch; similar to saving a file<br>
push-moving the commits made from a local branch to a remote repository<br>
pull-a shortcut of the fetch and merge commands where you collect the changes from a remote repository and combine it with the local changes<br>
branch-used to fix bugs and develop features<br>
merge-a Git command that combines the commits made by others with your own commits<br>
merge conflict-event that occurs when Git is unable to automatically resolve differences in code between two commits<br>
fetch-a command that downloads remote code from a repository to your local computer
remote-describes a repository that users can collaborate on

Git/Github/Webstorm tutorial<br>
***NOTE: you should have Git and Webstorm installed on your computer as well as have a Github account set up.***

I. Connecting Github to Webstorm<br>
    1. In Webstorm, go to File>Settings (or press Ctrl + Alt + S) for system preferences<br>
    2. From there, select "Version Control" then select "Git"<br>
    3. At the top of the window where it says "Path to Git executable", enter the path to the git.exe and click "Test".<br>If you did this correctly, a message about which version of Git you're using should pop up.<br>
    
II. Creating a Repository via Github<br>
    1. On your Github profile page, click the + sign in the upper right corner<br>
    2. Select "New repository"<br>
    3. Enter a name for the repository, choose on making it public/private, and initialize it with a README<br>
    4. Finally, click "Create" and now your new repository should be good to go<br>
    
III. Creating a Repository via Webstorm<br>
    1. In Webstorm, go to VCS>Import into Version Control>Create Git Repository<br>
    2. Give the repository a name, then click OK and the new repository is ready to go<br>
    
IV. Committing Changes on Github<br>
    1. On Github, once you've finished making changes to your file, scroll to the bottom of the page where it says "Commit changes"<br>
    2. Enter a description about the commit, along with an optional extended description on the changes made<br>
    3. Once that's done, click the "Commit changes" button and your changes will be saved<br>
    
V. Committing Changes on Webstorm<br>
    1. In Webstorm, once you've finished making changes, go to VCS>Commit (or press Ctrl + K)<br>
    2. Click the box next to where it says "Unversioned Files"
